So, let's say you have a bunch of
Agentic workflows running for you, maybe
even in parallel, doing really
productive things like scraping leads,
enriching them, adding them to a
database, or updating your CRM. If you
guys don't know how that works, watch my
recent video for a full end to-end
walkthrough on Agentic Workflows. Now,
once you've determined how powerful
these things are and sort of come to the
realization that a lot of economically
valuable work is probably going to be
relegated to these things, the natural
next question is, "Hey, Nick, it's
awesome that I can run these on my own
computer as assistant, but how do I take
these to the cloud? How do I actually
send these to employees, clients,
colleagues, people I work with, and so
on and so forth. And that's what this
video is going to be about. You're going
to learn how to take your AI agent
instantiation on your own computer and
then duplicate that and give that to
other people so they can do the same
sorts of things that you are doing. I've
included prompts for all of this below
and I'm going to start by running you
through the specific method and then
what you get and then finally at the end
I'll walk through how to actually
implement each. So the first strategy is
to spin up a GitHub code space and then
just invite your user. The reason why
this is so great is it takes just one
click for the user after they create a
GitHub account which is itself totally
managed. Everything including the
authentication, the directives, the
scripts themselves and the requirements
is automatically set up for them if they
do this. And then it also runs on a
hosted server that costs about 18 cents
an hour. Um this is 18 cents an hour
just like at face value. But I should
note that the server spins down when not
in use. So the actual cost of this is
usually significantly less assuming that
they're not using their agentic
workflows 24/7 which most people will
not be. At the end of this what you get
is you get a fully managed um in my case
Visual Studio Code instance inside of a
GitHub container that looks like this.
And they have access to as you guys
could see Cloud Code right over here to
run steps um in your directives and
executions folder aka in your DOE
framework. So now it's actually going
through it's listing the directives.
it's it's going to go accomplish it.
It's not as fast as if you were to run
it on your own infrastructure, of
course, but this manages very very well
as a one-click solution to share. With
this next method, you basically just
duplicate the directives and then the
executions folder from your parent
workspace into your new workspace. And
then you just give it a quick prompt
telling it, hey, I've been given a
highle framework and the directives
execution scripts to accompany them. Set
up my environment to run everything. We
also include some contextual data here
which gives the model everything that it
needs in order to do what we want it to
do. Finally, in the last method, use
traditional GitHub repos. These are
slightly more complex since they have to
use GitHub and know a little bit about
it, but it still costs zero bucks since
it's on their own infra, and it's
reasonable for anybody that I would
consider mildly tech capable. So, for
this, it's as easy as you just give a
workspace, and then you say um duplicate
this into the current environment.
And then it just goes through, asks you
for your GitHub details, sets that up,
and then you will have duplicated
everything on your own. environment.
Now, this can be kind of intimidating,
so I don't always recommend it, but it
works reasonably well. You can then tell
it to do whatever you want, like scrape
100 realtor leads in the US. I keep
using scraping examples, by the way,
just cuz that's what I'm currently
doing. It's a big chunk of my business.
But I should note that you can do a lot
more than scraping with this stuff. Then
it'll go through, examine the
repository, examine everything that
needs, and then allow you to, you know,
have the same functionality in your own
cloud instance as you do on other
people's computers. Okay, so the first
method is really simple. We're just
going to go over here to this document,
which I share with everybody by the way,
and then copy the code space section to
my current cloud code instance. And I'm
going to paste this in. And I'm
basically going to say, hey, set up my
current workspace as a GitHub code space
so I can share it with collaborators.
Then I'm going to be able to um invite
people by GitHub username. And so, you
know, they're going to have to set up
their GitHub account and stuff. The
second that they have it, you just ask
for their username and then we'll be
good to go. So, it's going to start by
checking the current state and gathering
what's needed. Shortly thereafter, if
you already have a remote configured to
that repo, in my case I do, um you're
good to go. Basically, it'll just push.
If not, it'll prompt you to connect your
GitHub account and then add one. Um in
addition, it'll also do things like uh
you know, give you keyring access, which
is just a fancy name for like oneclick
um ooth and so on and so forth.
Now, a lot of security people are
probably going to hate me for this, but
I actually just commit the umvs directly
to my repo just because if I'm sharing
this um interorganizationally or
intraorganizationally, odds are uh I'm
comfortable with people having access to
the tools and so on and so forth. I want
you to know you don't have to do this.
you could just um not commit the&mb to
repo and just have like a simple one two
three step-by-step guide where you know
you give people um number one add your
appy token number two add your anthropic
token and so on and so forth okay once
you're done it'll give you a little
message that looks something like this
with the repository link um it'll run
you through what it did although we
don't really care too much about that
and then over here it'll say to invite a
collabor collaborator by GitHub username
so now what your client or employee or
colleague has to do is they have to go
on GitHub and set it up and one of The
questions that I'll ask you is, hey,
what is your username? And so in my
case, it was Nikki test. So I'm going to
say invite Nikki test. At least I think
it was Nikki test. Maybe it was Nick
Testy test. It's probably Nick Testy
Test, huh? Yeah, that's what it was.
Nick Testy test.
So anyway, make sure you get the dang
name right. Once you're done, um, you
know, you can you can invite the user
and then on their end, they're going to
get a little link, um, through email and
then there's also a page that you can
visit really easily that'll show show
all the invites. And so, you just open
this puppy up. They can accept right
there. And then once they've accepted,
they'll have full access to said
workspace. Now, the question is, this
looks really complex. What the heck do
we do from here? It's actually really
easy. You just replace the URL that's
GitHub with codespaces new. that it'll
drop you directly into a little prompt
here which um sets up said workspace for
you on like I believe it's Amazon Web
Services Infrastructure.
Once you're done with this, it'll
actually set up the remote connection.
This what's occurring right now. And if
you guys are keen, you'll notice that
this is occurring within my browser.
It's not occurring like on my computer.
It's within my browser because I'm
connecting to a server that we set up
called Cuddly-Journey. Once you're done,
you'll have a page that looks something
like this. It'll welcome you. It'll
thank you for joining. Um and then
there's just two things you need to do.
you need to go over here and then
actually connect to your agent of
choice. So in my case I'm doing claude
code. So I'm just going to click
install. Then what you have to do as
well is you have to connect to cloud
code. So after you've done the
installation after it's all good to go
in the top right hand corner you're
going to see a little like claude icon
start. So you just give that a click and
then um you'll be talking to Claude but
then you have to go back slashloggin
and then you can actually like log into
your specific claude account and um
access it and stuff like that. then you
can talk with it just like you normally
do. Okay, for method number two, you
just need to give them the directives
and executions plus a share prompt. I
have the share prompt right over here,
so you guys can copy and paste that in.
No issues. Um, it's going to cost $0 as
I mentioned and then you're just
rebuilding the systems for them. So, how
do you actually do this in practice?
Well, first I'm just going to set up a
new window and then actually open and
create a new folder. So, I'm going to go
over to open folder over here. I'm going
to go new folder and let's just call
this YouTube video. I'm going to create.
I'm going to go in. Now, once I'm in, I
have to create two folders as part of my
structure. The first is directives. The
other is execution. Now, it's going to
try and make this in the same folder.
So, don't let it do that.
Once you're done with this, you have
like most of the scaffolding. All you
need to do is just move over to the
specific um directives that you want to
share. And so, I mean, a lot of these
directives are going to be, I don't
know, mutually exclusive, right? Like
they're not going to rely on each other,
but some of them will be. So, it depends
on sort of the way you've structured
things.
Sorry, I kind of forgot which one I'm
in. Jesus, I have a lot of windows open.
Um, you just paste all the directives
in, paste all your executions in, and
then finally, paste in these files,
agents, claw, gemini, and then again,
env is up to you depending on whether or
not you want to share that. Um, in my
case, for most of my uh staff members,
stuff like that, I usually do. Once
you're done, all you need to do is copy
over the shared agentic workflow
document. And now what you're doing is
you're telling it, I've been given a
highle framework and all the scripts to
accompany them. just go through this
process. Um, you know, we we duplicate
rather or add some additional um kind of
safety, what do you want to call them?
Constraints here just in case you don't
already have agents cloud or Gemini set
up. So, actually have it do so. And it's
just going to run through here, find all
the dependencies, create a
requirements.txt, which is what you need
in order to like run scripts, uh, and
then have everything nice and set up for
us. There's going to be a fair amount of
file reading since obviously I have, I
don't know, like 15 or 20 different
scripts. So, it is going to be loading
in a fair amount into context. Um, I
just uh recommend you have it run. This
is a cost that you will have to bear uh
one time anytime you do this approach.
That's usually why I recommend doing the
GitHub code spaces. Okay. Then it will
go use this requirements file to add a
bunch of dependencies. And now it's just
going through looking for the env since
I've already pasted the env file in. It
should decide not to. From here on out,
it is double-checking to make sure
claude, Gemini, and agents.mmd are all
the same. Once it's done, it'll say
something like your do framework's ready
to use. And then you can go ahead and uh
proceed just as you were before. So
it'll run through the directives, find
the scripts, and then ask me for any
information that I didn't provide.
By the way, if you want to see that
specific workflow in action, just check
my last video. Okay. And last but not
least, if you did want to set up that
traditional GitHub repo, first you have
to create a GitHub repo on your sort of
like master branch, if you think about
it. So, the code base or the um uh
Agentic Workflow base that you want to
copy over to other people's places has
to have a GitHub repo. I've already
showed you guys how to do that. Pretty
easy. Just ask the model to create you a
private GitHub repo and then push your
env. After all that's done, it's
literally as easy as just going into
your cloud code and just saying, "Hey,
clone this into our workspace." So, you
just give it the link of the workspace
that you set up. Um, and then you just
send the URL over to your employees,
your staff members or whatever.
Basically, what it'll do is it'll create
a new folder here called do-workspace
that just has everything that you need.
And then, you know what you could do is
you could just open this up in a new
folder. So, you could go into your
YouTube video folder and then open this
up. Let that be the parent folder. Uh,
and now you have everything that you
need. Um, you know, assuming you
download and install claude code on the
user. So, hey, tell me about this
workspace.
And uh it's just going to go through get
a highle overview presumably from the
agents claude and gemini. Then it'll go
through and give me everything that I
needed to know. So it's the directive
oriented execution framework a powered
automation system etc etc. And I can
actually go and run um real
implementations like I was showing you
guys before. All right. If you like that
sort of thing definitely check out Maker
School. It is going to be the home for
agentic workflows as we move into the
new year. Uh, I also offer a 90-day
money back guarantee where if you don't
get your first customer for an AI or
automation related service, I give you
all of your money back. That's just how
it works because we're very confident in
our ability to deliver that. Aside from
that, if you guys have anything that you
want to know about Agentic Workflows,
anything that I haven't answered here,
I'm on a big Agentic Workflow run. So,
just drop a comment down below with
maybe a question you have or some
observation that maybe I didn't pick up
on, and I'd be more than happy to help.
Thank you guys very much for watching
another video, and I'll catch all y'all
in the next one. Bye.